do not
yes
morelli zárate to remember the night of
yesterday as one of his worst nights of
combat in less than half an hour saw as
her friend's soul building up is
he abandoned combat as no longer the
most voted fighter and also as
he lost 300 points to his team by
commit a lack of respect after
green team entrance
of the water
I'm talking about him so if you
It seems funny with the program
for those who did not notice
in the gestures of mockery that Mao makes
to the green team girls
but women in new equipment come
to give everything and so spoke Sofia
about the attitude of maurel and fell in
medium story or I am at this moment
Well, the truth is I do not come with him
how it is to pay attention to the
difficult or are we the athletes
we add things in a very
different or all in the field of
game and at this time we have already exhausted
I do not have problems with a way in
reality and since it's there that's
I miss you either so let's put it
pretty hard and either maurel and either
Whoever is, then , bridge serum is
now for any announcement for it
Sofia is clear that she is coming to win her
put in combat and sent this hard
message to morel and sara twitcam now he
and I really come here you are but
there are two weeks left and to train
pretty strong I invite you to go to
gym several times a week
charmed
from the ruby spot the wild we have
seen a love the and more sure of himself
same
Sofia seems to come with the intention of
show that the good streak of Morelli
happened and now his performance is bad
he will get it